hey guys BBA here with another
commentary video for you first off I
have to say thank you for all the
positive feedback responses and helpful
criticism that received in my previous
video I do all this mainly as a hobby
and to get such a positive feedback like
I got on the last video for my new it
just makes me happy so thank you again
for all that that you guys gave me it's
awesome this time I'm playing on Cory
one of my favorite maps to run a gun on
just because I have so much I can climb
over run into it just has an overall
good match for me i'm using the ak-47
with extended mags d gel's the chem
bowed sintex stun marathon pro stopping
power pro and sitrep pro I call this my
level of 7d gifts for you class and
you're probably like what the hell level
somebody gives for you class what is
that ok let me explain myself here in my
opinion everybody wants to play that one
that's the excuse you always hear when
people were playing this that they want
to have fun so since I'm a level 17
figure why not share what I've earned
with everybody else for those low levels
or copycat users etc like the low levels
you see the non prestige people they
don't really get to use the guns that
you're using at that high level so I
figure if they kill me enough times then
they can probably get to pick some up
somewhere or if I've killed them enough
times but the setup then they get the
opportunity is copycat on it and in this
game that somebody actually does copycat
me twice so gold achieve their yay and
something else melt this match actually
managed to pull off to stealth bomber
killstreak setups i'm running a predator
missile air strike and stealth bomber i
got the idea i was looking around in the
form so i mentioned stealth bomber and
not having bear may have kills with it
and I was like anyway second really got
me killed out with my stove bomber 27 so
I think I'll try something different
being a level something now it needs
something to keep myself entertained
so I'll start running with a stealth
bomber set up and I I got surprised
later on in this matchup um I was
expecting what happens so I earned the
bombs away title you'll see me get that
and I'll show it off the end too so I
legitimately got the bombs away title um
something else about this match too
you'll see in a second uh sitrep pro you
guys know how the pro version allows you
to hear things easier it's coming up
here in just a second listen to this
that this is kind of funny I'm looking
around like what the hell what's the one
just listen here take deep deep deep
kick where the hell is he oh there he is
anyways just running gunning around now
having fun with my class as usual I'm
trying to stay away from my allies going
in and out building is like a normal
person would my strategy for Cory just
go wherever you don't see any targets
typical hot spots like inside here in
Musa love running round up inside there
up through the sides there so usually
i'm already aimed out ready to kill
somebody that's probably running by got
my predator missile here getting ready
set up for my first stealth bomber air
maizena building what the hell that's
always fail so i didn't get any kills of
that program missile I knew where they
were though thanks to the aerial view of
the predator missile sorry about the
frame rate slowed down here on the wood
is there's one other time it's going to
happen but doesn't really affect the
gameplay think I got there got my
airstrike gonna called in i'm gonna call
them from up top there because i knew
that's where they're coming from so that
way it enters in the map that way gives
them less time actually go and hide in a
building picked a guy off there after
that and bam got with the last strike
called the stealth bomber from the exact
same position less time for them to hide
in the building didn't really get as
much of a result from this as i expected
but that's fine kept going with my
street run out here because i knew there
still probably spawning out
this area didn't really get any hits
popping up for me though I lost steals
the kill there that was going to go for
I don't know how I didn't kill this guy
there was a guy sit in that corner so
I'll starting stuns in to make myself
get in easier and I still died guys
sitting down pop pop pop with the D
goals and I still that's sad anyways it
resets my killstreaks so I'm back to
square one gotta run around and get
somebody there we go d goals yeah Eagles
everybody loves deals let me explain my
class a little bit more here ak-47
extended mags takes three hundred kills
just to get FMJ and then you have to
actually work for the kills for extended
mags yeah a triple kill their the Eagles
I was gonna use akimbo models but as
much as people use those back in their
error for a long-range shooting or
sniping us people would like to say I
figured I'd go ahead with the details
because everybody loves bling with the D
goals you know marathon pro it takes a
little time to get stopping power pro
why not and sitrep pro really would take
a new be a long time to get bout ready
to get my stealth bomber here throwing
stones check the area there figured I'd
come down the map side here instead of
running down the catwalk just pretty
dangerous to do if you're running and
gunning trying to check the map out I
heard somebody so came up with an Eagles
guy jumps out for to get him so I jumped
after pop pop was gonna reload I was
like okay I'll just move on ahead I got
enough bullets a case it is kind of
wondering where to go here because all
my allies are spread out around me so
it's kind of hard to tell where the
enemy could possibly be and I didn't
want to die I was like no must get
stealth bomber check this area because
it usually there's anyways here but no
of course not not going to be anybody
there just went ahead and reload my
diggle's run down the ramp and do a
little burst fire in here yes you must
burst fire
there we go stealth bomber and I got a
little thing here oh there's a guy that
copy my class yeah forgot to mention
that I got copied me twice in the match
so there's the mission achieve part of
it and here's a stealth bomber yeah pew
pew pew pew and got red carpet yeah
multi kill of that so that was very nice
and then I locked my bombs away title as
well the little skull emblem that you
get with it and God drops down and
killed me from high near so close to the
killcam no I was about ready to get a
killcam but oh well anyways I was a
match guys ak-47 diggle's level somebody
gifts for you class running around my
favorite thing to do and to stealth
bombers very unusual for me to get to
higher kill streaks like that TDM but I
did it went 33 and five for it and I had
fun and somebody else got that fun with
my class because they copied me so I
hope you guys enjoyed it as much as I
did and thanks for watching and look for
my next video bye